.
announcer:
In the nation's largest city,
the vicious and violent
members of the underworld
are hunted by the detectives
of the Organized Crime
Control Bureau.
These are their stories.
- Nova, give this to your boss.
[dramatic music]
- Louis Chinaski.
- Eddie Wagner.
I'm your son.
- If it risks blowing
your cover,
we're gonna have
to take him off the street.
- I don't know who you are,
but I know
you're not Eddie Wagner.
- Edmund Ross was implicated
in a sex trafficking ring
run by the Kosta Organization.
- Plenty of names
didn't burn up.
Kosta is gonna make sure
you don't talk to anyone.
- That guy running for
governor, Kosta wants him dead.
♪
- Come on...
- Reggie Bogdani,
you're under arrest.
♪
[door buzzing]
- You know why you're here
and not Rikers?
- Got no idea why I'm here.
- Are you kidding?
You murdered
a woman in cold blood.
Half a dozen people
witnessed it.
You're looking at life
without parole.
- You're here
because we want to give you
a chance to help yourself.
- [laughs]
- Oh, you think that's funny?
You're here because you're
an insignificant piece of crap.
And we're gonna give you
a chance to help us
lock up a way more
significant piece of crap.
Think about that.
- [snickering]
Okay.
[dramatic music]
♪
- You were a cute kid.
Regular Boy Scout, huh?
- We're gonna go over
every detail
about how Jon Kosta
runs his organization,
starting with the drug trade.
- In March of 2020,
your uncle, Albi Briscu,
he traveled
to Putamayo, Colombia.
What was the purpose
of that trip?
- A well-earned vacation.
- We know he cut a deal
with two cartels.
A deal to cover the cost
of shipping and distribution
of their cocaine.
He cut out the middleman.
- Which is a clever idea.
Obviously, genius doesn't
run in your family,
so whose idea was it?
Who was the mastermind?
- The mastermind?
Oh, yeah.
[laughs]
- No electronic traces.
No transactions.
Just a money transfer system
based on cash and mutual trust.
- Perfect for money laundering.
- Your phone.
This is a pretty impressive
piece of technology.
After Admir Marku was arrested,
our task force
started producing
and distributing these.
So, whenever you and your
friends text back and forth,
they were CC'ed to us.
[phone buzzes and chirps]
Oh, snap.
You got a text from Uncle Albi.
I'ma hold on to this,
and I'll get back
to Uncle Albi for you.
- You have no idea
who you're dealing with.
You don't mess with Albi.
Trust me.
- I'll take my chances.
- Look at all these photos.
We're got you on everything
from murder to sex trafficking,
drug smuggling, to extortion.
You might want to consider
our proposition
to help us with
our case against Jon Kosta.
- Not a chance.
- We also have your party boy,
Edmund Ross, in custody.
He's ready to start talking.
And the DA's Office,
they're willing
to make a deal
with one of you.
Only one.
So, in a few hours,
you and your testimony
are gonna become obsolete.
[door buzzing]
- Sergeant Brewster, can I get
a minute alone with him?
- I mean, it's pointless.
Let's just move on.
Edmund Ross
is the bigger fish here.
- Think once Reggie realizes
this is
an either/or choice--
either he helps himself
and helps us take down the K-O,
or don't,
and go down with him--
he'll be willing to cooperate.
- It's never gonna happen,
all right?
- Well, never say never,
Reggie.
Matter of fact,
just hold tight a minute.
♪
[door slams]
[door buzzes]
- Are you kidding me?
I told you, you're wasting
your time, all right?
I'm not gonna talk.
- Sorry you feel that way, Reg.
[intense music]
♪
[dramatic music]
[tense music]
♪
- You traitor!
- Sit down.
- You pig!
I will kill you!
- Stop.
- I'll kill you.
- Stop, sit down.
Sit down.
- Go to hell!
- Sit down.
- I'll kill you.
- Reggie, sit down.
Sit down, let's talk.
- Let's talk, yeah, yeah.
I want to talk to you.
Yeah, yeah.
I want to talk to the guy
who betrayed me, Eddie.
Or what's your real name, huh?
- I did what I had to do.
- Oh, yeah, you did.
You did.
"I'm your boy.
I got your back, Reg.
You're my ride-or-die."
You're a liar.
You're a--you're a cop.
- At least I didn't sell you
out like your family did.
- You know nothing
about family.
- I know that they sent you
out there to assassinate
a rising political star
in broad daylight.
All alone.
No backup, nothing.
Even you knew
you couldn't do it.
- No, no.
No.
This was my time.
This was my time to come up.
- This was your time
to die, Reg.
You were supposed
to finish the job.
But you were supposed
to get killed.
Suicide by cop,
that's what they wanted.
They didn't want you
to get arrested,
because you might be
part of the family,
but if you're a problem
to the family,
you get shot in the head,
or you get disappeared.
That sound familiar?
- Just--
get out.
I can't even look
at your face.
Get out!
No!
Why?
Why would you do this to me?
I gave you everything.
I gave you everything I had
to get you on your feet.
And you just destroyed
everything I've ever had.
- What are we talking
about now?
What are we talking about?
The oath?
Besa and all that stuff?
- Yeah, yeah.
I belonged.
- Yeah, you belonged to
a family that basically lured
desperate, naive girls
away from their loved ones,
transports them
thousands of miles,
sells them to strangers who
will rape them over and over.
And that's the family
we're talking about.
You're part of that family?
- No.
No, it's not true.
- Who do you think
killed your father?
Put that bullet
in your mother's brain?
♪
Now, Reg, I am your best
and only chance
at getting out of this.
I told you
I got your back before.
I got your back.
♪
But the clock's ticking.
So you gotta make a decision
on what you want to do.
[somber music]
♪
- [sniffles]
- Hey.
Hey, why am I here?
- You're here
for your own protection.
- What you're doing
is against the law.
- Well, I am prepared to deal
with the consequences.
- You can't do that!
- I'd do the same thing
for my own son.
- Hey, how'd it go?
- Give me a second.
- Grand jury's
assembling upstairs.
- I hear you!
Show me what Albi said.
He still thinks
he's texting with Reggie?
- Sure does.
Told him I'm laying low
for a few days.
Now he's asking if he should
"bring my momma some food"?
- No.
No one brings Agnes any food.
She's cooking 24-7.
- That's what I figured.
It's a code.
He's trying to figure out
if Reggie's compromised.
- Remember: no anchovies.
- That's what you want Reggie
to text back?
- Mm-hmm, yeah.
she's allergic to anchovies.
Give that a shot.
Got it.
Same grand jury
we've been working with
the past four months?
- They're up-to-speed.
Ready to hand out
an indictment.
- The clock is ticking.
- We got the goods.
- So, you gotta make
a decision
on what you want to do.
- You told him
the clock was ticking,
but you didn't tell him
when the bomb was going off.
- You need to push him harder.
- Reggie's ready to fold.
There's just one more card
we need to play.
- Agnes Bogdani?
[tense music]
♪
Where's your son, Mrs. Bogdani?
He's probably
just running late.
Let's get started.
Well, we have you down for
a flu shot today, Mrs. Bogdani.
We'll take your vitals and--
- Can I have
a few minutes alone
with Mrs. Bogdani, please?
♪
- I'm glad he's safe.
- Do you trust the message?
- I tell you
what I don't trust.
I don't trust Reggie not
to make another stupid mistake.
Where do you think he is?
- I don't know.
He didn't say.
- I was him, I'd be halfway
to St. Thomas by now.
- Wouldn't leave the country
without Agnes.
- I'll tell you who knows
where Reggie is.
Eddie Ashes.
Let's get Wagner down here.
- I'm First Grade Detective
Elliott Stabler,
shield number 6313.
Over the last six months,
I've been undercover
with the Kosta Organization,
aka K-O.
They're an Albanian
transnational
criminal syndicate based
out of the Bronx.
In that time,
I've been party to extortion,
drug smuggling, weapons sales,
human trafficking,
and sex trafficking,
as well as
personally witnessing
a half-dozen murders.
- Thank you, Detective Stabler.
Let's begin by talking
about the K-O's cocaine
trafficking business.
What distinguishes them
from all the other drug dealers
in the state of New York?
- Well, the Kosta Organization
has gone to the source,
Colombia, and they cut a deal.
And they have taken
over the manufacturing,
the transportation, the
distribution of their cocaine.
They now control
their entire supply chain.
- Hmm, and is it fair to say
that they've become bolder,
more powerful,
and more dangerous as a result?
- The K-O is the most dangerous
criminal organization
that New York has ever seen.
A mere 19 individuals
are responsible
for a 30% uptick in murders
in just one year.
- During this entire
investigation,
Detective Stabler managed
to gain their trust
and, with the leadership
of Sergeants Bell and Brewster,
gathered an extraordinary
amount of evidence,
which we will present to you
over the next two days,
at which time we hope
that this grand jury
will decide to indict
and empower them to put an end
to the K-O's reign of terror.
.
[soft dramatic music]
♪
[door buzzes]
- It's gonna be fine.
I'm gonna be fine, Mama.
Fine, fine.
It's okay, it's okay.
You're with me now.
I'm not gonna let anything
happen to us, okay? Okay.
You been taking
your medication?
- Mm-hmm.
Oh.
No, no, no...
- It's nothing, it's nothing.
I know, I know it's not good,
but, you know,
we're gonna--we're gonna
figure it out.
Okay?
We'll figure this out.
♪
Okay, Mama--
okay, okay, okay.
I'm sorry.
- Who did this to you?
Who did it?
- Nobody did this to me, Mama.
I did it to myself.
- Detective Stabler, have you
ever been in a position
to observe how the K-O gets
their cocaine into the country?
- I have.
Ports of entry.
Those are the most valuable
and the most vulnerable
for any drug
smuggling operation.
Thus, we noticed
a few months back,
the Albanians started
to infiltrate
the Dock Workers Union
in order to gain...
- Ladies and gentlemen,
apologies.
The investigation is ongoing,
and something's come up
that requires Detective
Stabler's immediate attention.
[intense music]
♪
- Albi texted.
Kosta wants to see you.
- What do you think?
- Well, obviously they're
suspicious, panicking,
and looking for Reggie.
- That's a dangerous place
for you to be.
- I can hold the grand jury,
but I can't hold it forever.
- I can send
Maldonado as backup.
- No, where are we
with the Chinaski situation?
- I was able to get him
a one-way ticket
to Fort Lauderdale
with $10,000 in his pocket.
- I'm very appreciative.
- Hey. What's your plan?
- Fly by the seat of my pants
and don't say anything stupid.
- What were you doing
when you got arrested?
- I was doing a job, Ma.
- Albi knows better than
to send you out alone.
- I wasn't alone, okay?
[door buzzes]
- Time's up.
- Mrs. Bogdani,
Reggie's in a lot of trouble.
A great deal of trouble.
Now, we want to help him
help himself
by testifying in front of
a grand jury this afternoon.
- They want me
to turn on the family, Ma.
They say that I could--
I could go away
for a long time.
Maybe the rest of my life.
That means
you ain't got no house.
And no doctors.
Besa's not gonna keep me
out of jail.
- If your son agrees
to testify,
we are prepared to relocate
both of you into
the Witness Protection Program.
You can start a new life,
together,
away from
the Kosta Organization.
We're hoping that
you'll help us convince Reggie
to do the right thing.
[hip-hop music
playing over speakers]
♪
- Eddie.
- Hey, Flutura, hey.
Have you seen Reggie?
He was a no-show at the diner.
I was supposed
to meet up with him.
- I don't keep tabs on Reggie.
- Yeah, yeah, of course, yeah.
I got to, uh--
- I know.
- Eddie.
[tense music]
♪
- You're a mess.
- Yeah, fire spread a little
faster than I wanted it to.
- Where you been?
- Just out doing a thing.
Reggie was supposed
to do it with me,
but he was a no-show
at the diner.
- So, you don't know
where he is.
- No, no.
Everything all right?
There a problem?
- Have a seat.
♪
You tried texting him?
- Half-dozen times.
No response.
- What was this thing?
- Small job.
Supply store, they wanted
to have a fresh start,
so I helped him out.
- Him who?
- Just a guy.
- "Just a guy."
What was his name?
♪
- Maldonado.
- Yeah?
Let's call him.
♪
[line rings]
- Eddie?
Is it done?
- Yo, Bobby.
- Yeah, all right.
[sighs and grumbles]
♪
Reggie got in a little bit
of trouble last night.
I gather you don't know
anything about it.
- No.
What kind of trouble?
- That's not what's important.
What's important is that we get
to him before the cops do.
- Reggie's scared.
And when he's scared,
he does stupid things.
- Well, yeah,
don't we all, huh?
- Listen, he trusts you.
- Okay.
- Try and contact him.
Keep trying to get him.
- Okay.
Yeah, look.
Whatever you guys need,
you know, I'll do it.
And if I find him,
do you have someplace safe
that you want me to bring him,
have him lay low?
♪
- We don't care
what you do with the body.
Just bring us something
so you can prove it's Reggie.
♪
.
- Keep trying to get him.
- And if I find him,
do you have someplace safe
that you want me to bring him,
have him lay low?
[tense music]
♪
- We don't care
what you do with the body.
Just bring us something
so you can prove it's Reggie.
♪
- Can you bring my mom back in?
[door buzzes]
- Hi, Mrs. Bogdani.
Welcome.
Come on in.
Please have a seat.
- Sit down, Ma.
- I spoke with your brother,
Albi, earlier today.
He ordered me to find Reggie
and to kill him.
- They want me dead, Ma.
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry I doubted you.
- [whispers]
- No.
You can't talk to Albi.
If he finds out about Eddie,
the deal's off.
- The more that you help us,
the more it's gonna help him.
- They want me to testify
in front of the grand jury.
I got no choice.
Either we do this, or I'm...
I'm not gonna be around
to take care of you anymore.
But you tell me--whatever you
want to do, and I'll do it.
- [whispers]
- Will my mother
have to testify too?
- Well, look,
it's like I said,
the more she helps us,
the more it helps you.
But I think
that we can have you give
your statement in private
with an Assistant District
Attorney and a court reporter.
Does that work for you?
- So, you're saying
it wasn't a choice.
- Well, it's not like
you can sign up for the K-O.
You're born into it.
And once you're in,
you ain't never getting out.
- Now, Albi Briscu, that's your
mother's side of the family?
- He's her brother, yeah.
- And he ordered the attack
on your father,
during which your mother
incurred the brain injury
which caused
her speech disability.
- I was just a kid.
I have no idea if that's true.
- You never asked about it?
- What good would that do me?
- This is a question
from juror number four.
You talk a lot
about your uncle,
but you haven't
once mentioned Jon Kosta.
Have you ever received
a direct order from Kosta?
[dramatic music]
♪
- Agniezka Bogdani?
I'm ADA Chen.
I'll be asking you questions.
You'll answer in writing.
And Ms. Brooks,
our court reporter,
will transcribe everything you
write for the formal record.
Please take your time,
and try to write legibly.
Please place your right hand
on the Bible.
Do you swear that the testimony
you give shall be the truth,
the whole truth, and nothing
but the truth, so help you God?
- Yes.
- Record that as yes.
- Yep, I got that.
- Let's start by talking about
how you know
the following individuals.
What's your relationship
with Reggie Bogdani,
Albi Briscu, Jon Kosta?
- How's it going up there?
- Reggie's doing okay.
- Ann has some concerns.
- The jury's asked
a few questions about Kosta.
They've clocked that Reggie
gets his orders
directly from Albi.
- Who gets his orders
from Kosta.
So, what's the problem?
- We don't have Albi
on the stand,
which leaves room
for reasonable doubt
where Kosta's concerned.
We need that direct link.
- What about Edmund Ross?
- We're going to Rikers
tomorrow morning
and review his testimony
before he takes the stand.
He's just become our
key witness against Jon Kosta.
- Sergeant Bell,
can I have a few minutes
with you in your office?
- [coughing]
[coughs]
- Let me go get some napkins.
I'll be right back.
[tense music]
♪
- I'm sorry, did you want
some gum?
[sighs]
- I just told Sergeant Brewster
I'm putting you back
in charge of
the Organized Crime Task Force.
I'm gonna recommend you keep
Cho and Maldonado,
unless you have
any concerns about them.
- No.
What about Nova?
- We haven't talked about that.
Let me think about it.
- Okay.
Where is
Sergeant Brewster going?
- I'm gonna be stepping away
from criminal intelligence
to oversee the international
liaison program full-time.
Sergeant Brewster--actually,
Lieutenant Brewster--
will be taking my place.
- Lieutenant?
- You'll make the best of it.
♪
[hip-hop music
playing over speakers]
♪
- I'm looking for someone
named Albi Briscu?
- Who's looking for me?
Come here.
What do you want?
- Are you Albi Briscu?
- Let's pretend I am.
- I have a message for you.
I'm supposed to give it
to you privately.
- Whoever sent you, you tell
them to talk to my lawyer.
I don't take no private message
from strangers.
- It's from Mrs. Agnes Bogdani.
She says she's your sister.
- Come in.
Everybody out.
- What's this about?
- This young lady
is from the state court.
- The Manhattan courts,
actually.
- She has a message from Agnes.
Agnes has promised her $50,000.
- It must be
an important message.
- [reads in Albanian]
What does it mean?
- I don't know.
I don't even know
what language it is.
- "Reggie has broken besa.
They are coming."
[tense dramatic music]
♪
- Why was Agnes in court?
- I don't know.
It was a grand jury hearing.
♪
- Was Reggie in court too?
- I think so?
I was with Mrs. Bogdani,
but I heard
he went upstairs to testify.
- Well, thank you very much.
You've been very helpful.
You can go.
♪
- Sorry, miss, I almost forgot.
Come here.
There's $55,000.
5,000 more for not talking
to anybody about this, okay?
- He's a generous man.
[gunshot]
- Clean that up
in there for us.
- It's fine, just leave it.
We already have a grand jury.
We don't have a lot of time.
But get her out of the way.
I don't want to trip.
[dramatic music]
♪
.
- I'm sure you know
what this is about.
- Congressman Kilbride.
- What were you doing
at his office the other day?
- Sometimes he calls me.
I do pickups and deliveries.
He's got cred on the street.
- He knows Webb?
- They go way back.
They're from the same hood.
Kilbride's the one hooked me up
with the Marcy Killers.
- He know you're a cop?
- No.
I'm not 100% sure
he keeps it 100 either.
It's above my paygrade.
What about you?
I'm guessing you weren't
in Kilbride's office
running errands.
- Wasn't case-related.
It was personal.
- That woman you were with,
she personal business too?
- That would be my wife.
- Nice.
- Look, Nova, this is tricky.
But I need you to keep this
between you and me.
- Brewster's my sergeant.
- Brewster's on his way up.
I'm hoping I'm gonna be
your sergeant.
But I'm not gonna be
anybody's sergeant
if someone else gets
interested in Kilbride
before I have a chance to
figure out what his endgame is.
♪
- When did you first meet
Jon Kosta?
- 2016, like I told you,
at a charity event.
Flutura Briscu
was the organizer.
She introduced me to a girl.
- You got catfished by Flutura.
- You thought you were in love
with the girl.
- I set her up
in a pied-a-terre.
I started sending money
to her family in Albania.
Then one day...
- You saying you were keeping
that book for Kosta?
- He'd give me names
of rich, influential men
who appeared vulnerable
to extortion,
and I'd invite them to soirees.
Kosta had me keep
a detailed account of...
Who liked which girls
and what they liked
to do to them.
- [groans]
Hey.
Just wanted to say,
have a safe flight.
- Thanks a lot.
- Got everything?
Ticket?
Boarding pass?
And you should put your wallet
in the inside front pocket
of your jacket.
Just, you know,
got a lot of cash on you.
- Don't worry, Dad.
I got it.
- Yeah, yeah.
Get moving, will you?
Good luck.
- Hey, I mean it.
Thank you.
- These devices have enabled us
to intercept
hundreds of messages
in which the K-O talks details
of their drug
smuggling methods,
like filling pineapples
and tuna cans with cocaine.
- Detective Stabler and I
personally witnessed
an auction of human sex slaves
orchestrated
by the Kosta Organization.
It was something so vile
I would not have believed it
had I not seen it
with my own eyes.
- They live by a code
known as besa.
It means literally
to keep the promise.
It means
the unquestioning loyalty
to a criminal enterprise
and a willingness to commit
extreme acts of violence
to protect and enrich
that enterprise.
[door buzzes]
[indistinct P.A.
announcements]
[intense music]
♪
.
- The grand jury has taken
into consideration
the suspicious death
of our key witness Edmund Ross
and has moved to reconcile
the evidence
without further testimony.
Foreperson,
will you please stand and read
the grand jury's decision with
regard to the charges listed?
- In light
of the circumstances,
this grand jury is unanimous
in our decision
to issue
provisional indictments
against Jon Kosta,
Albi Briscu,
and 17 alleged members
of the Kosta Organization
for charges
including racketeering,
felony sex trafficking,
three counts of murder
in the first degree...
- Great leadership, Sarge.
- Great work, Detective.
- Congratulations to you both.
We got a True Bill on all.
- They gotta have, like,
20 cop cars down there
guarding us.
That's comforting.
At least they know
how dangerous Kosta is.
Ma.
I'm sorry
I made you break besa.
[somber music]
- I didn't.
[intense music]
♪
[sirens wailing]
[glass breaking]
- NYPD!
[indistinct shouting]
- Don't move!
Stay right there!
- All right, all right,
all right.
- Let's go, let's go!
You, against the wall now!
- Move.
[indistinct chatter]
- Let's go.
- Keep going.
♪
[indistinct chatter
and laughter]
- Freeze!
[glass breaking]
[dogs parking,
people shouting]
♪
- I will shoot.
Freeze.
- Stay where you are!
[knocking at door]
- NYPD!
Open up!
We have a warrant!
- Can I help you?
- We're looking for Jon Kosta.
- He's not here.
He hasn't been home in days.
- Grace, shut the door!
Don't let anybody in!
- Gun!
Luka Hasa!
Drop the weapon!
[grunting]
- Get off of me!
Get off!
[dog barking]
- [grunts]
♪
- NYPD, police department!
- Police! Search warrant!
- Move, move!
- Police!
♪
They knew we were coming.
How the hell is that possible?
♪
- Five blocks out from Besa.
- Do we know who's in there?
- Place is eerily quiet.
I have Albi and Kosta on DAS
entering just over an hour ago.
Nobody's come out since.
♪
- Call for additional units.
We're going in.
♪
- The hell you doing?
- Oh, I just wanted to--
.
[dramatic music]
♪
[wolf howls]